Update metrics doc (#285)
astronomer/docs: cloud/deployment-metrics.md

## Overview

> The Astronomer UI contains a suite of metrics that show real-time data related to the performance and health of your Deployments. Viewing metrics is a useful first step for troubleshooting or rethinking the code you run on your Deployments. This document explains each available metric and where to find them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Astronomer UI exposes a suite of observability metrics that show real-time data related to the performance and health of your Deployments. These metrics are a useful reference as you troubleshoot issues and can inform how you allocate resources. They can also help you estimate the cost of your Deployments. This document explains each available metric and where to find them.
```

## Deployment Health

> The Deployment health status is a metric that appears on the top of your Deployment's information page. Your Deployment's health is based on whether its Airflow components are running as expected.
> 
> ![Deployment Health status](/img/docs/deployment-health.png)
> 
> Deployment health can have one of two statuses:
> 
> - **Healthy**: The Deployment's webserver and scheduler are running as expected.
> - **Unhealthy**: This status can mean one of two things:
> 
>     - The Deployment's webserver and/or scheduler are restarting or having issues that require further investigation.
>     - Your Deployment was recently created, and its webserver and scheduler are still spinning up in your cluster.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployment health appears as a real-time status at the top of your Deployment's information page. Deployment health is meant to show whether or not the most important components within your Deployment are running as expected.

![Deployment Health status](/img/docs/deployment-health.png)

Deployment health can have one of two statuses:

- **Healthy** (Green): The Airflow Webserver and Scheduler are both healthy and running as expected.
- **Unhealthy** (Red): This status can mean one of two things:

    - Your Deployment was recently created and the Airflow Webserver and Scheduler are still spinning up.
    - Your Deployment's Webserver and/or Scheduler are restarting or otherwise not in a healthy, running state.

If your Deployment is unhealthy, we recommend checking the status of your tasks and waiting for a few minutes. If your Deployment is unhealthy for more than 5 minutes, we recommend [reviewing Scheduler logs](scheduler-logs.md) in the Astronomer UI or reaching out to [Astronomer Support](https://support.astronomer.io).
```

  <img src="/img/docs/deployment-metrics.png" alt="Metrics dashboard in the Cloud UI" />
</div>

The data in these four charts is recorded hourly and is displayed in both UTC and your local browser timezone. Each bar across all graphs covers a complete hour while the entire time window for a single graph is 24 hours. For example, a single bar might represent `16:00` to `17:00` while the entire time window of the graph might represent `Nov 1 16:00` to `Nov 2 16:00`.

The data for the most recent hour is for the hour to date. For example, if you are looking at this page at 16:30, then the bar for the `16:00-17:00` hour interval would show data for `16:00-16:30`.

These charts serve as high-level reports that are intended to be viewed at a glance. For example, you might notice failed task instances in the Astronomer Cloud UI and then open the Airflow UI to troubleshoot.

The following sections describe each of the 4 available charts.

### DAG Runs

> The **DAG Runs** Deployment metric records successful and failed DAG runs over hour-long intervals. A [DAG run](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/dag-run.html) is defined as an instantiation of a DAG at a specific point in time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **DAG Runs** metric records successful and failed DAG runs over hour-long intervals. A [DAG run](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/dag-run.html) is defined as an instantiation of a DAG at a specific point in time.
```
